hey guys I just want to show you in the
light out here how this turned out it
looks like it's wet it's not pretty
impressive if you look really close you
can see just a little bit of I guess
bubbles or particles in the finish but
it's not it's not it doesn't stand out
at all and considering out his paintings
on a dirty garage floor I guess that's
not a bad deal a little bit of a wet
edge here I decided I'm gonna try to
sand that off it doesn't matter that
much but that could be dealt with if you
really wanted to yeah it looks pretty
decent let's see how it looks over here
a little bit pretty proud of that all
the pieces look like that the only thing
would be the side rails or you know they
were in worse shape than the stuff so
they had more grain to them and I didn't
want to spend as much time sanding them
to get them flat like this so you can
see more texture to it but definitely if
I wanted to next year take those back
off stand them some more throw about
another four or five coats and I could
have those rails looking like that so
not bad all righty guys I gotta work
today my mother's not doing well again
so I may be tied up with dealing with
that to today but hopefully this evening
I'll be able to get over to the boat you
see that graininess right there a little
bit a little bit of stuff in the bubbles
or some dust right there not area but
you know overall it's very smooth and
looks nice so anyway hopefully we'll be
putting these on today and if so I'll
get you guys some video the funnel
results and then we can get started on
the other platforms see you